states_events_tasks/README.md, before:


## List of states, events, and tasks to be handled by real-time software

This will capture the list of states a scanner can be in, series of events on
the scanner console that can indicate changes between states, and the tasks to
be driven by the real-time software as a result of the state a scanner is in,
or the states it switches between.

|     State or Event      |     General  Electric    |          Siemens         |
|-------------------------|--------------------------|--------------------------|
|    System start-up      |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|     System  ready       |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|    System shut-down     |           TBD            |            TBD           |
| System idle (- patient) |           TBD            |            TBD           |
| System idle (+ patient) |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|      pre-scanning       |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|    pre-scan failure     |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|    pre-scan success     |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|        scanning         |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|      scan failure       |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|      scan success       |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|  reset system hardware  |           TBD            |            TBD           |



## List of more specialized states to detect, or applications to trigger:

1. Performing QA scans.

1. Automatic capture of physiology data.

1. Triggering other software coincident with data acquisition (e.g. for
   neurofeedback).

1. Custom reconstruction of data, with data either going back to scanner in a
   standard vendor-recognized format (e.g. DICOMs on GE, pixel database on
   Siemens), or sent to another application directly (e.g. 2D+z+t data to AFNI
   via real-time channel).

1. Drive actions based on pulse sequence/scan properties and/or parameter
   values (by reading "HEADER_POOL" on GE, and XProtocol on Siemens?).

Commit message:

Ideas from brain-storming session on 2021-03-04 for desired features and capabilities in the real-time package.

states_events_tasks/README.md, after:


## List of states, events, and tasks to be handled by real-time software

This will capture the list of states a scanner can be in, series of events on
the scanner console that can indicate changes between states, and the tasks to
be driven by the real-time software as a result of the state a scanner is in,
or the states it switches between.

|     State or Event      |     General  Electric    |          Siemens         |
|-------------------------|--------------------------|--------------------------|
|    System start-up      |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|     System  ready       |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|    System shut-down     |           TBD            |            TBD           |
| System idle (- patient) |           TBD            |            TBD           |
| System idle (+ patient) |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|      pre-scanning       |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|    pre-scan failure     |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|    pre-scan success     |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|    scanner "prepped"    |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|     scanner "paused"    |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|        scanning         |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|      scan failure       |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|      scan success       |           TBD            |            TBD           |
|  reset system hardware  |           TBD            |            TBD           |



## List of more specialized states to detect, or applications to trigger:

1. Performing QA scans.

1. Automatic capture of physiology data. BIOPAC 'integration'?

1. Motion detection and alert user if motion > set threshold.

1. Triggering other software coincident with data acquisition (e.g. for
   neurofeedback).

1. Custom reconstruction of data, with data either going back to scanner in a
   standard vendor-recognized format (e.g. DICOMs on GE, pixel database on
   Siemens), or sent to another application directly (e.g. 2D+z+t data to AFNI
   via real-time channel).

1. Drive actions based on pulse sequence/scan properties and/or parameter
   values (by reading "HEADER_POOL" on GE, and XProtocol on Siemens?).
   Real-time access to TWIX?  Access at scanner "prepped" state.

1. Adaptive experiments (e.g. staircases) - change/update acquisition/experiment
   based on parameter estimation of parameters.

1. In-session registration of partial brain volume data.  Grab images generated
   by scanner, or potentially doing your own reconstruction.

1. Detect and respond by acquisition-by-acquisition or TR-by-TR?
